We need to conduct a literature review to better understand the impact that AI team members have on collaborative learning. As AI capabilities evolve and they begin to be imbued with social intelligence, the way in which they function on teams should be fundamentally changing from serving as functional tools to interacting as true teammates who can understand what the needs, goals, beliefs, states, etc. of their team members and team as a whole are and how they should interact with and respond to them accordingly. Further, AI offer the potential to scaffold how team engage in macrocognitive processes such as data and information acquisition, knowledge building, reflection, reframing, etc. as AI team members can store and operate over large amounts of (and types of) data that humans struggle with. There are concerns, however, that if not done appropriately the inclusion of AI team members in-the-loop of collaborative problem solving and collaborative learning may undermine human team members', and thereby the team's, ability to learn effectively and productively because they will no longer be engaging with the data, information, and knowledge content sufficiently to meaningfully be learning. Further, there are concerns that integration of AI team members may alter the ways in which social exchanges and interactions occur between all team members, thereby altering the nature of information/knowledge exchange as well as how knowledge and knowledge objects are developed. The advancement of AI systems towards integration of an artificial theory of mind may also exacerbate these issues because it may take years before agents can truly understand what their teammates are thinking, what they believe, what their intentions and goals are, etc. the way that humans can interpret given our theory of mind capabilities. I want you to help me generate search terms, key words, phrases, etc. that we can use to search multiple publicly available databases to pull literature related to this topic of research.